It is also a pit
How is that possible?
Is the Heavenly Master going down the mountain the king of death?
Unique presence in porcelain
Disappeared for hundreds of years
How could it be hidden in this dung?
Impossible fake
Must be fake
This is just an ordinary cut
Master, look again
Take a good look again.
How could this be?
Master, say something
You must be fake, right?
I booked all the hotels
The whole city knows I'm from a luxury car
I have received all the gifts for the national treasure
The old man has been in business for 50 years
Never seen such a perfect bottle
That's right, this is the descent of the Heavenly Master
King of the Females
The troublemaker married my aunt
It's too vulgar to measure such a national treasure with money
So I'll give you this number
Great, a hundred million.
It's not 10 billion, is it?
A city
What!
Such porcelain is beyond the scope of the human world
If in ancient times
The king will not suffer a loss if he exchanges a city
This porcelain carries the national fortune